README.md, before:

## END TO END ML PROJECT - MY GETBACK PROJECT
### Installation
First create your python environment and activate it using the following command: 
```bash
conda create -p <venv name> python==3.8 -y
conda activate <project_path/venv name>
```

Then install all the pre-requisite packages:
```python
pip install - requirements.txt
```

## Lessons from this project

### Setup
This ML project will be used as a package. So we created the *setup.py* file. This file is super useful because when you use the command `pip install -r requirements.txt` it will launch a series of command to setup the environment. Inside the file we used the very import setup function that enables all the packages to be recognized as such (would have soleved many problems in my poc_to_prod project).

### Exception
We created an *exception.py* file to custom our own exceptions. To do that we import the sys module to interact with the interpreter.
Then we created a function that returns an error message describing where the error occured (which file) alongside the error message. This function will be used to initialize our CustomException class that inherits the Exception class itself.

This message will then appear in all of our code whenever using a *try catch* statement. 

### Logger
Whenever we get an exception, we will take this exception, log in the logger file and put it in the logger file.

Commit message:

EDA & model traning on notebook

README.md, after:

## END TO END ML PROJECT - MY GETBACK PROJECT
### Installation
First create your python environment and activate it using the following command: 
```bash
conda create -p <venv name> python==3.8 -y
conda activate <project_path/venv name>
```

Then install all the pre-requisite packages:
```python
pip install - requirements.txt
```

## Lessons from this project

### Setup
This ML project will be used as a package. So we created the *setup.py* file. This file is super useful because when you use the command `pip install -r requirements.txt` it will launch a series of command to setup the environment. Inside the file we used the very import setup function that enables all the packages to be recognized as such (would have soleved many problems in my poc_to_prod project).

### Exception
We created an *exception.py* file to custom our own exceptions. To do that we import the sys module to interact with the interpreter.
Then we created a function that returns an error message describing where the error occured (which file) alongside the error message. This function will be used to initialize our CustomException class that inherits the Exception class itself.

This message will then appear in all of our code whenever using a *try catch* statement. 

### Logger
Whenever we get an exception, we will take this exception, log in the logger file and put it in the logger file.

### Model Development (notebook)
In this step, we just quickly develop a model in jupyter notebook first. The process of model selection is standard but a bit rushed because that is not the purpose of this project. After building the model in the notebook, we will map it into production .py file.
